#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=- --resolver=backtracking -
#
absl-py==1.4.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tfx-bsl
anyio==4.5.2
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
apache-beam[gcp]==2.46.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tfx-bsl
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
bleach[css]==6.1.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   nbconvert
bokeh==1.2.0
    # via -r -
cachetools==4.2.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-auth
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via apache-beam
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipywidgets
crcmod==1.7
    # via apache-beam
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via apache-beam
docopt==0.6.2
    # via hdfs
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastavro==1.9.7
    # via apache-beam
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-apitools
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
flatbuffers==24.12.23
    # via tensorflow
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gast==0.4.0
    # via tensorflow
gcsfs==0.2.3
    # via -r -
google-api-core[grpc]==2.24.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-api-python-client==1.7.12
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   tfx-bsl
google-apitools==0.5.31
    # via apache-beam
google-auth==2.37.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via
    #   gcsfs
    #   tensorboard
google-cloud-bigquery==3.27.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.16.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigtable==1.7.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-spanner
google-cloud-datastore==1.15.5
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-dlp==3.18.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-language==1.3.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-pubsub==2.21.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
google-cloud-pubsublite==1.11.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-recommendations-ai==0.7.1
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-spanner==3.46.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-videointelligence==1.16.3
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-vision==3.7.2
    # via apache-beam
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.63.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorflow-metadata
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.12.7
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-spanner
grpc-interceptor==0.15.4
    # via google-cloud-spanner
grpcio==1.69.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpc-interceptor
    #   grpcio-status
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
grpcio-status==1.48.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
h5py==3.11.0
    # via tensorflow
hdfs==2.7.3
    # via apache-beam
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.21.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
httpx==0.28.1
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyterlab
ipykernel==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   jupyterlab
ipython==7.12.0
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via ipywidgets
ipywidgets==7.8.5
    # via tensorflow-model-analysis
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itables==0.1.0
    # via -r -
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==0.14.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
json5==0.10.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.5
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==1.1.11
    # via ipywidgets
keras==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
libclang==18.1.1
    # via tensorflow
markdown==3.7
    # via tensorboard
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
mistune==3.1.0
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.10.1
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.5
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
notebook==7.1.3
    # via widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   bokeh
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tfx-bsl
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via google-apitools
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
objsize==0.6.1
    # via apache-beam
opt-einsum==3.4.0
    # via tensorflow
orjson==3.10.14
    # via apache-beam
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   tensorflow
pandas==1.5.3
    # via
    #   itables
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tfx-bsl
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via bokeh
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==4.3.6
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.48
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.25.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==3.19.6
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-metadata
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
    #   tfx-bsl
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pyarrow==5.0.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tfx-bsl
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydot==1.4.2
    # via apache-beam
pyfarmhash==0.3.2
    # via tensorflow-data-validation
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via apache-beam
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   pydot
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   arrow
    #   bokeh
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==3.2.1
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==26.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via apache-beam
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   gcsfs
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   hdfs
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.20.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
scikit-learn==0.24.2
    # via -r -
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   bleach
    #   bokeh
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-pasta
    #   hdfs
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   tensorflow
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via google-cloud-spanner
tensorboard==2.10.1
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tensorflow-serving-api
    #   tfx-bsl
tensorflow-data-validation==1.9.0
    # via -r -
tensorflow-estimator==2.10.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.34.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorflow-metadata==1.9.0
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
    #   tfx-bsl
tensorflow-model-analysis==0.40.0
    # via -r -
tensorflow-serving-api==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   tfx-bsl
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via tensorflow
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tfx-bsl==1.9.0
    # via
    #   tensorflow-data-validation
    #   tensorflow-model-analysis
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via bleach
tomli==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
tornado==6.4.2
    # via
    #   -r -
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20241206
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   apache-beam
    #   async-lru
    #   mistune
    #   python-json-logger
    #   tensorflow
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.8.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==2.1.2
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.45.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
widgetsnbextension==3.6.10
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via tensorflow
zipp==3.20.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via apache-beam

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
