#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
absl-py==0.11.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==20.3.0
    # via jsonschema
cachetools==4.2.1
    # via google-auth
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   kfp-server-api
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
cffi==1.14.5
    # via google-crc32c
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cloudpickle==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
deprecated==1.2.11
    # via -r requirements.in
docstring-parser==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
fire==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==1.26.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
google-api-python-client==1.12.8
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth==1.27.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
google-cloud-core==1.6.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==1.36.1
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.1.2
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==1.2.0
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.52.0
    # via google-api-core
httplib2==0.19.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==2.10
    # via requests
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kfp-pipeline-spec==0.1.8
    # via -r requirements.in
kfp-server-api==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kubernetes==12.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==20.9
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==3.15.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   kfp-pipeline-spec
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycparser==2.20
    # via cffi
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
pyrsistent==0.17.3
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   kfp-server-api
    #   kubernetes
pytz==2021.1
    # via google-api-core
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kubernetes
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via kubernetes
requests-toolbelt==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   fire
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-resumable-media
    #   jsonschema
    #   kfp-server-api
    #   kubernetes
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   websocket-client
strip-hints==0.1.9
    # via -r requirements.in
tabulate==0.8.9
    # via -r requirements.in
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via fire
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.5
    # via
    #   kfp-server-api
    #   kubernetes
    #   requests
websocket-client==0.57.0
    # via kubernetes
wheel==0.36.2
    # via strip-hints
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via deprecated

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
