# V2beta1Run

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**experiment_id** | **str** | Input. ID of the parent experiment. The default experiment ID will be used if this is not specified. | [optional] 
**run_id** | **str** | Output. Unique run ID. Generated by API server. | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Required input. Name provided by user, or auto generated if run is created by a recurring run. | [optional] 
**storage_state** | [**V2beta1RunStorageState**](V2beta1RunStorageState.md) |  | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Optional input. Short description of the run. | [optional] 
**pipeline_version_id** | **str** | This field is Deprecated. The pipeline version id is under pipeline_version_reference for v2. | [optional] 
**pipeline_spec** | [**object**](.md) | Pipeline spec. | [optional] 
**pipeline_version_reference** | [**V2beta1PipelineVersionReference**](V2beta1PipelineVersionReference.md) |  | [optional] 
**runtime_config** | [**V2beta1RuntimeConfig**](V2beta1RuntimeConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**service_account** | **str** | Optional input. Specifies which kubernetes service account is used. | [optional] 
**created_at** | **datetime** | Output. Creation time of the run. | [optional] 
**scheduled_at** | **datetime** | Output. When this run is scheduled to start. This could be different from created_at. For example, if a run is from a backfilling job that was supposed to run 2 month ago, the created_at will be 2 month behind scheduled_at. | [optional] 
**finished_at** | **datetime** | Output. Completion of the run. | [optional] 
**state** | [**V2beta1RuntimeState**](V2beta1RuntimeState.md) |  | [optional] 
**error** | [**GooglerpcStatus**](GooglerpcStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**run_details** | [**V2beta1RunDetails**](V2beta1RunDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**recurring_run_id** | **str** | ID of the recurring run that triggered this run. | [optional] 
**state_history** | [**list[V2beta1RuntimeStatus]**](V2beta1RuntimeStatus.md) | Output. A sequence of run statuses. This field keeps a record  of state transitions. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


