# V2beta1RecurringRun

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**rec_run_id** | **str** | Output. Unique run ID generated by API server. | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Required input field. Recurring run name provided by user. Not unique. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Optional input field. Describes the purpose of the recurring run. | [optional] 
**pipeline_id** | **str** | The ID of the pipeline user uploaded before. | [optional] 
**pipeline_spec** | [**object**](.md) | The pipeline spec. | [optional] 
**runtime_config** | [**V2beta1RuntimeConfig**](V2beta1RuntimeConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**service_account** | **str** | Optional input field. Specifies which Kubernetes service account this recurring run uses. | [optional] 
**max_concurrency** | **str** | Required input field. Specifies how many runs can be executed concurrently. Range [1-10]. | [optional] 
**trigger** | [**V2beta1Trigger**](V2beta1Trigger.md) |  | [optional] 
**mode** | [**RecurringRunMode**](RecurringRunMode.md) |  | [optional] 
**created_at** | **datetime** | Output. The time this recurring run was created. | [optional] 
**updated_at** | **datetime** | Output. The last time this recurring run was updated. | [optional] 
**status** | [**V2beta1RecurringRunStatus**](V2beta1RecurringRunStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**error** | **str** | In case any error happens retrieving a recurring run field, only recurring run ID and the error message is returned. Client has the flexibility of choosing how to handle the error. This is especially useful during listing call. | [optional] 
**no_catchup** | **bool** | Optional input field. Whether the recurring run should catch up if behind schedule. If true, the recurring run will only schedule the latest interval if behind schedule. If false, the recurring run will catch up on each past interval. | [optional] 
**namespace** | **str** | Namespace this recurring run belongs to. | [optional] 
**experiment_id** | **str** | ID of the experiment this recurring run belongs to. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


